Last night I had a dream
I dreamed that I had traveled to another world
Into another girl's body
That dream was so long and true
I almost thought I wouldn't wake up
I still remember the last scene
Sister, have you ever considered
Maybe even if grandpa died
I will also keep my promise to you.
Send you back to your original world
Then it took 10,000 years to reincarnate
What are you reading?
Emperor
Concubine Ji, you
No no no sorry
I got too involved.
That is to say, after completing the three curses of whiteness
It took 10,000 years to reincarnate
Why not reincarnate right away?
Why dad?
no.
Here's what the script says.
Probably a chance to reincarnate in 10,000 years
Did you change something important?
Of course, if there are some more difficult curses
But you have to use something else to exchange it.
Like the time between reincarnations
Hey, it's gone, it's gone.
What a dog screenwriter who wrote Muze so miserably
Should we change the name of our child?
This name doesn't seem very auspicious.
Okay, let's go, don't look